MB-10413: Convert to using pipenv to manage dependencies (#84)
transcom/milmove_load_testing: README.md

We have two supported installation methods, `pyenv` and `nix`. Pick which you prefer and proceed to that section.

#### Setup: Pyenv and Pipenv

When setting up for the first time, before you run `direnv allow`, run

  ```shell

>   make install_tools

Reviewer: I had to update my `pyenv` with instructions from `make install_tools` because Python 3.9.6 was not in the available list of installs.

```shell
Installing python 3.9.6 ...
python-build: definition not found: 3.9.6

See all available versions with `pyenv install --list'.

If the version you need is missing, try upgrading pyenv:

  cd /Users/duncan/.pyenv/plugins/python-build/../.. && git pull && cd -
failed

```

Author: Oh whoops! What version of python should we be using?

Reviewer: I think that matches what's in the Dockerfile but more recent than when I updated pyenv.  I'm not sure how to address that in the brewfile if at all.

Author: Ah, I don't know either. I guess if you got it work, that's what counts?

Reviewer 2: Weird, did you have `pyenv` previously? I wonder if we need to update the setup script to update `pyenv` if you already have it 🤔

  This will install all the `python` dependencies in `requirements.txt` and `requirements-dev.txt`. It will also install
  the `pre-commit` hooks.

> *Note: The requirements are indicated in the `Pipenv` file.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
*Note: The requirements are indicated in the `Pipfile`.
```
